# Shang Hi Checkers
With a little time and gumption to make something in C, He said, "Hey why not build a checkers game. It should be easy enough." Well it was, and a few minutes later we could have a game of checkers. 

A new version of a classic game is born! Recorded history stretches back thousands of years. Before even the first scratching of two objects together leaving a visible mark, there were oral records. Well just saying, respect the novelty of the idea "one random space on the board is a trap door." Board checkers players in the past possibly played a game like this or something similar, or if not, that's amazing! Regardless, there is no written account of anything like "Shang Hi Checkers" to my knowledge on the internet or anywhere else. If you use the idea to make money, share some with this game's creator. If you use the idea just for fun, perfect. The code is free to use and is my way of saying "Play and have fun" nothing more. Follow the rules. Many places allow for freedom to do things that are not part of the traditional set of rules for how two players play checkers - just like a checkers set in the physical world. Hard coding certain actions into the game is not the original intention. Maybe someone has an unanticipated emotional reaction when you jump their piece, and you want to take the move back to try something else, in this version, you can, and don't forget to save your game so that game-playing doesn't interfere with more important matters like eating dinner. The two players can always return to a saved game, but only one game can be saved at a time in this version, same as playing on a physical checkerboard. Any real improvements to the game are welcome, and you should reach out with them, this is living code. Enjoy the game and play well!

